well out either at people it's Bo again
so it's Super Tuesday Democratic
primaries are running and real quick
hello Angie real quick we're gonna run
through where it is right now we got
Alabama with 33% reporting Joe Biden in
the lead
Arkansas 25% reporting Joe Biden and the
lead Colorado 30% reporting Bernie
Sanders won Maine with 42% reporting
looks like Sanders has captured six
delegates and Biden has captured six
delegates so far Massachusetts with 38%
reporting Joe Biden leading Minnesota 31
percent reporting Joe Biden one North
Carolina 71 percent reporting Joe Biden
one Oklahoma eighty nine percent
reporting Joe Biden one Tennessee
seventy-nine percent reporting Joe Biden
won Texas 11 percent reporting Bernie
Sanders in the lead Utah twenty nine
percent reporting Bernie Sanders in the
lead
Vermont eighty-one percent reporting Joe
Biden one and Virginia Joe Biden one so
that's where we're at so far so how's
everybody feel about that I know that
Bernie Sanders was a kind of the
favorite it seemed on the channel and
there are a lot of people who are
basically saying Biden is kind of a
Republican I think Bernie did win in
Vermont or at least he's leading yeah 82
percent reporting Bernie Sanders won if
I said something else my bad at the end
of the day
iDEN seems to be walking away with a
pretty heavy lead so the odds of Sanders
walking into the the convention with a
plurality of delegates it's it's slam it
slam so what does that mean what are we
gonna do I mean are people going to vote
blue no matter who are they going to
split the vote are they going to not
vote or they gonna vote third party I'm
incredibly curious where everybody is
going to fall that's to be honest the
thing is at the end of the day we've
talked about it on this channel a lot
this isn't a the Sanders movement that
idea that that progressive movement that
has kind of been personified in Sanders
it's not something that is going to be
embodied by one person regardless of the
the memes you know you've got a lot of
young Thank You Angie you've got a lot
of young representatives and Senators
that are running that
that are that are running that are
pretty progressive but now they're not
gonna have the leadership that they
wanted you have a a purple candidate is
what we're probably going to end up with
but at the end of the day is Biden
better than Trump
that's question I think what hopefully
people are going to find out here is
that
the election process doesn't necessarily
reflect the views of people if they
don't participate not saying that you
should just saying that you can't be mad
if you didn't I know a whole lot of
people who deep purple red and blue
Biden is too many who are progressive
thank you super cat man too many who are
who are very progressive and very
radical Biden isn't much different from
Trump in the way they view that view it
so however he's not Trump there's that
hello 1814 the DNC is evil Biden is a
bad candidate bye Missy Niall yeah
that's kind of what I thought I was
gonna see it here Thank You Kirk but
what does that mean someone better or
someone good that's the question are we
looking for somebody better or somebody
good are we voting for the lesser of two
evils or are we pushing for ideas that
we actually support this is why election
politics gets very very messy but the
lesson here is that you can't really
count on the election politics your
representative may not represent you
even if they're from your party which
means you have to be active more than
more than once every four years
thank you Paul thanks for you do I lost
that I hope there wasn't a question I
found it
thank you it means four more years if
Trump is what it means maybe I don't
know that there were some surprises in
this Biden did exceedingly well in
states that I didn't expect him to
to be honest so there is that Thank You
bad sister by and lied about off you
have politician that's what they do
thank you the mic and assist you know
I'm not voting Biden if Bernie doesn't
win I'm writing in yang yeah I mean
that's Shane Cavinder blue no matter who
voted in 2016
look how that turned thank you I'll only
vote for Bo you're gonna have to write
that one end
Brian the gamer getting the black vote
in the southern states is crucial
because 95% of the whites there are GOP
that's true if you're talking about the
national election that is incredibly
true can Bernie still went I would
suggest that Bernie can win the same way
that gang won I think that Bernie
actually had an expectation of winning
at least hoped he could oh darn
the fight for what is right will never
die fair witness I may have to move if
we get Trump again if you don't vote you
don't have a seat at the table these
people work for us it is up to us to act
like it Thank You Annabelle
do I ever worry about saying something
that will alienate your audience
not really I have been lucky in the
sense that the audience that seems to be
here is one that understands that we're
not gonna agree on everything as long as
we're on the same bus at the moment as
long as we're moving in the same
direction I would guess that a majority
of a majority don't agree with my views
on gun control
I don't I don't think that there's a any
issue that that will deviate from the
bulk of my audience that is that to this
Bob and a whole lot of people talking
about Vermin Supreme you always been
liberal I'm not liberal now yeah at the
end of the day yeah if you're talking
about the general election you're
talking about getting Trump out the
black vote and the South is incredibly
important
Biden seems to be pulling that off
more so than anybody else it is what it
is Thank You conversations what's my
idea of a good time this my garden
there's just 2.0 or if the Democrat
George Bush about anti-establishment
anti-imperialism no matter so why no
love for Tulsi same reason there's a
love for Warren
okay
so one of the things that we've got left
now is it does seem to be a two
candidate race you know people want to
talk about Tulsi or Warren or Bloomberg
or whatever from what we're seeing today
they're not in the race anymore
realistically they're docked and it was
interesting thank you Anna
it was interesting to watch the flood of
endorsements move over to bite as people
dropped out that probably had a lot more
influence than then people want to admit
because while we say you know our vote
isn't influenced by celebrity
endorsements it is it is Thank You
Dimitri if the youth are backing one guy
but the older group is four and there
someone is out of touch with the reality
and I have a feeling it's not the youth
I would agree completely I do think that
I don't think they're making as bad a
mistake as the Republican Party did when
they brought in they got Trump but they
are appealing to an older demographic
for they're appealing to an older
demographic with Biden and the
Democratic Party is going to shift to be
the party of the younger people the sad
thing is that by the time this is played
out a lot of the candidates who've been
fighting to get a more progressive
platform they're gonna be too old they
are this was probably Bernie's last shot
to be honest now there is the idea that
there's the idea that Biden will be able
to siphon votes from Trump and it's a
sound theory I think it's I think it may
be true but I think it's a bad strategy
rather rather than trying to siphon
votes from Trump I would be trying to
get voters who wouldn't normally show up
to show up because that is a large part
of the Democratic base there are people
who do not show up because the
candidates don't actually reflect though
you know we talked about it before
Bernie was the compromise for a whole
lot of people and you know Biden may be
unacceptable to them so Biden will lose
to Trump
maybe I mean we don't know we don't know
how much negative turnout Trump is going
to have you know that was one of the
things that I still think people are
miss reading about the 2016 election I
don't know that a whole bunch of people
showed up to vote for Trump I think a
whole bunch of people showed up to vote
against Hillary Clinton and I think we
may see that that play out again
AOC is Bernie's patawad yeah I think a
se is going to be a powerhouse she gets
one more term and she's gonna be a lock
playing for a very very long time
see Thank You a rash
what do I think about tall Siegen and
the smears she is getting I think that
it's kind of I think it should have been
expected I got a I got a weird take on
this one if I think it would be a lot
like if a OC ran at 36 years old or
something the United States may be ready
Thank You K the United States may be
ready for a woman president I don't know
that they're ready for a young woman
president I think that there's still a
lot of there's still a lot of bias and I
think that has a whole lot to do with it
she got attacked for a lot of things
that were definitely lesser offenses
than other candidates who got complete
passes previous activities and
statements Thank You Osborne Thank You
Christy Miller love to hear your
thoughts on super-delegates what is your
stance on gun control all right there we
go super-delegates it's a way to remove
the voice of the people that's what it
is the Democratic Party is not actually
very democratic it's a way for the
establishment to to maintain control now
at the end of the day Thank You Angie
sellers you really said I think a lot of
people are I think a lot of people had
high hopes for this one you know there's
still the the idea Bernie can win
somehow I don't know it's probably
unlikely I mean maybe it can happen
but we'll have to have to see that plays
out Tulsi is present yeah that hurt a
lot but there were other things there's
just the idea of her her being younger I
think that has a whole lot more to do
with it than people are are willing to
admit
thank you Michael Giza it's doing that
thing right now we're it's moving so
fast I can't actually read anything did
you see all the white Bernie voters
getting racist when it turned out some
black people voted Biden like Bernie as
other votes I actually didn't see that
but there is a there's a common theme
when it comes to a lot of progressives
especially those that are in college
Thank You Osborne I've already spent two
grand off I would if it was me I would
be investing that money into community
campaigns they can help achieve some of
the smaller goals along the way thank
you Susie six or Stix promise that there
is a problem among progressives
especially those that are college aged
that are pretty educated but not
necessarily that experienced in the
world where they feel that they have a
better grasp on things and therefore
they know what's best for a particular
demographic it's it's almost a white
Savior complex but not quite as bad
because they don't really think they're
saving them from themselves they think
they're trying to edge
and then make them understand that
they're good you know it's it's not that
far off but it's there I don't I don't
see how Biden is the the lead in that
demographic but that is mainly because
I'm not in that demographic that may
have a whole lot to do with thank you
Anna C Anansi it's hard to put yourself
in somebody else's shoes so if that
there may be something about Bernie that
is off-putting to to specific
demographic and that this doesn't just
play into a a white black thing and
although I didn't see it I can totally
believe that there were supporters of
well for everybody but Bernie supporters
do tend to be more radical trying to
push people based on what they perceive
a demographic should believe thank you I
sit down
I'm in that demographic we have no clue
over here you know I think there are a
lot of people that are assuming that
Biden will lose to trump four more years
of Trump is scary for most people
actually myself and some other YouTube
creators were joking about it today
because I mean for us it's not so bad
because we don't even have to try for
content we just open up the news and
he's done something we can talk about
but for most people it's probably gonna
be pretty bad did I get the message
about the Maricopa I did not I did not
if I look on the Twitter just see all no
my Twitter filters a lot of stuff over
into another folder and it doesn't show
up in my messages even if I've already
talked to you sometimes so it's almost
more effective to publicly at me and and
at least let me know that it's there see
as a black female I find it
disappointing that my people are
supporting Biden and such large numbers
again I'm not sure what the draw is I
don't I don't get it I don't know that
it's one of those things I can't
understand there may be something there
that I'm just not so
thanks to youth my high school librarian
are going to start a community garden
and belt that's awesome that's awesome
that also looks like it's gonna happen
nearby in a little town that we will
probably end up doing the fundraiser for
to help get them stuff Irish thank you I
think I'm better where I'm at I don't
know that I am fit for public office
it's because he was Obama's VP thank you
Mike the fact that Biden believes that
the younger voters don't want revolution
is laughable nothing about the current
system appeases those under it yeah with
you
a steinberger though what if the worst
case happens here and Biden becomes
president what really changes in terms
of our economy and foreign policy
you know I focus a lot on foreign policy
on the channel Biden will not be as bad
as Trump on policy I'm certain of that
that much you can take you you can walk
away with if Biden wins he will not be
as bad I mean it you'd have to try to be
worse than drop when it comes to foreign
policy Biden is one of those who he
himself is probably not very well versed
in foreign policy he is probably not
somebody that is really going to be able
to achieve a lot himself but he also
knows that he doesn't know which means
he'll bring in advisors that so you do
have that going for you thank you
infects us bites
do I think the Senate will flip and why
uh I think it's a strong likelihood I
think there are a whole lot of people
who are disappointed with the way the
Senate behaves and not even necessarily
the obstruction of House bills letting
them die not even there be there their
policies but more their just their
general behavior I was actually talking
to some people in McConnell's district
recently and they have absolutely no
problem with anything he's done but they
filled it I'm not gonna use the
terminology that they used they know
that the president has put him in his
place and and and he has just become a
toady see and a see this is the same as
Trump this is the last cry of the
establishment I don't know who win this
by and will more than likely mean form
years of Trump what do you think about
by this middle condition I honestly
think both candidates I do I do agree
with what you're saying though about
this being the last cry of that of that
generation you know the mean get in
Boomer we're gonna go lose an election I
don't think it's that wrong Dan Johnson
if Sanders becomes president and
nominated you for Secretary of State
would you accept what Dan Johnson that
is Secretary of State probably not under
secretary for Foreign Affair or
something something more specific to to
my actual skill set
so I I think there is a chance of the
Senate flipping I really do it's
something that is definitely seems
plausible but not for policy reasons I
think it's just gonna be people are mad
people are tired of the behavior same
thing with the house there's people I
live in in Matt Gaetz district and
there's a whole lot of people here who
are praying in a Republican primaries
because they don't want to vote Democrat
but they don't want to reelect him and
it's an interesting turn of events
especially giving the the Democratic
candidate ear the one that seems to be
gathering the most support is he's
definitely not an AOC type but he's very
liberal for this area and he also has
all of the stuff that people in this
area look for he's ex-military he's just
got he's got all the boxes checked so it
I could actually see this area flipping
which is something I wouldn't have said
a year ago we just got the right storm
of the incumbent acting like a goofball
and a candidate that is that appeals to
some of the base qualifications that
people want is it most of Florida a
Trump stronghold I don't know about most
where I live not necessarily a Trump
stronghold but a Republican one that
this is this is definitely a Republican
area but at the same time it's a small
town
and you get to see the same cars over
and over again there are a lot of people
who have removed their Trump stickers I
don't think that means they're gonna
vote against it maybe for bite maybe
Biden is Republican enough for that
yeah
Thank You num nine eight seven six five
you
fie slowmode what is that a thing
looking kinda I don't see anything like
that how hard could it be to have a
third party I think we're actually going
to fall into an area at some point where
we have four I don't think we're gonna
go to a third without the fourth one I
think there'll be a split both parties
at the same time you'll get a far a
far-right party and then what used to be
normal Republicans then the the
center-right Democrats and then you'll
actually start seeing some some actual
leftists in the United States I used to
think CNN was the better choice of news
channels to watch but they are really
showing their colors with these last two
elections major networks are major
networks they they have to turn a profit
and they have political ties just like
anybody else so yeah I don't think we
have any networks anymore major networks
that are good I really don't I think we
have
I think we have to work really hard to
get solid information I think you have
to watch both ends of the spectrum and
then read like a British outlet and see
what they say not the Daily Mail
something else
let's see mark do you think compromising
with the middle only helps in the
short-term rather than change the
country for the better
Bernie proposed radical change in the
system when Biden is just diet Trump in
the long run I am NOT a fan of
compromising on issues of importance I
think with the conservative movement
being conservative it's going to stick
to its guns no matter what the more the
the liberal side tries to compromise
with them it just moves them further
right I think you're going to need a a
left people who are just gonna stick to
it and advocate for the hardcore or left
positions what passes for a hardcore
left position in the u.s. let's see
send a previous video that only violent
crime should be crimes what counts as
violent would say wage theft or other
forms of exploitation count ok so what I
said was that I think only violent
crimes require prison in most cases
there are exceptions to that but
generally it doesn't mean that you know
shoplifting shouldn't be a crime just
that it probably doesn't require prison
so now I would need more specifics to
get into with this because wage theft
today means a lot of things it could
mean you know not paying people for the
five minutes at the end of the shift
which I know I don't think somebody
should go to prison for that but it's
definitely something that should be
dressed
I think we're too quick to jump to
prison as
the great job regardless of tonight's
outcome you think social democracy in
some form is inevitable in the United
States yes and I think if we don't get
it we're gonna jump to straight
socialism as as climate change gets
worse
I think social democracy is the route
that we're headed but if we don't get
there fast enough we're going to have to
enact heavy socialist measures and I'm
talking about the authoritarian kind
just just to get somewhere just just to
make it dead calm burn it down
I voted for Bernie and I'm 18 I got a
cool sticker it's either gonna be
socialism or eco fascism
and I wire a house that in one way yes
in another way I can help I don't know
what you're asking there I'm okay with
electricity no Bernie supporters will
not show for Biden I don't know it
depends on how bad Trump is like what
happens between now and that now the
other thing is with the trade war having
all of the negative impacts that it had
and now with the other situation that's
rising that taking its toll on the
economy if it gets too bad that is his
one saving grace that that's the one
thing that he can point to as an
accomplishment and even though if you
pay attention you know that it's not
really his economy except for maybe the
last eight months but I mean that people
credit him with it
if that falls I'm not sure the Trump
Trump really has a chance that's what's
keeping people in his camp I mean
outside the cultists he has
trouble I don't know I you know people
are now already talking about a possible
debate between Trump and Biden I
honestly can't wait it's gonna make
Saturday Night Live look you know what
tame I mean yeah so I don't know that I
don't know that either one of them can
really hold their own in a debate and
the fact that you have both of them
going at each other it should just be
pure you know cheap shots
how bad was it when you lived in Alabama
lived in Alabama a couple of times I
don't know I mean it wasn't horrible
some places worse than others have you
ever interviewed any of the Young Turks
were appeared on their show I did an
interview with Dean if Biden wins the
Nam
how do we push for more progressive left
movements outside of electoral politics
there we go
start him yourselves start them
yourselves that's the thing is that
there's people a lot of people are
looking for infrastructure to already
join
there is no left in the United States
there's no organized left there it just
doesn't really exist you have a few
candidates that leaned that direction
but they don't have a hard movement with
you have a few unions you have some some
gun rights organizations that are
left-leaning you have but as far as
community chapters everywhere that lean
left doesn't exist there there's a lot
of different leftist groups around but
they don't really talk to each other
there's no organization which given that
a lot of them are don't like
organization don't like hierarchy it's
gonna be an uphill battle I'm still
saying that you're your strongest bat
your best bet is to develop a community
network of you and your friends and
allow each one of them and have it spy
to win but out and then if you do that
and you make that network strong enough
you can enact
leftist ideals yourself without without
anything else we you don't need the
federal government's authority or
permission to do it
ix do given the c19 situation do you
think it will push more voters to Bernie
Medicare for all over the next few
months it's funny because I saw a whole
lot of Republicans talking about back
here for all of a sudden so yeah I
definitely that's gonna have an impact
on the conversation mainly out of
self-preservation people are worried and
because there is this image of young
people or poor people being sick you
know it's that thing that's in people's
minds because of that I think people are
going to want to get them health care to
protect themselves you know those those
dirty sick poor people and I think that
may actually end up being the catalyst
for it as messed up as that is we need
more videos on community networks
absolutely absolutely if Benton wins his
VP candidate is very important yeah yeah
that's one way Bernie could win Bernie
could be the VP because I don't think
Biden will I'm not sure that Biden has
four years in it to be honest
see conversations from the French what
is your ideal future for the USA how far
into the future I have a video on if you
go to the the YouTube page the trailer
that is actually just a video describing
my ideal world and that's that's what I
want there there have been many changes
to that since it was made
let's see but it's gonna pick globish or
maybe maybe I actually I could see
Warren as a possibility as well
medicare-for-all is unfunded ball
do I have your permission to sprinkle
your name on channels like Rachel Maddow
The Young Turks birth absolutely
wherever no progressive can win until
the boomer generation thins out
everybody gets Bernie does this
guarantee Trump is a two-term I don't
think it's a guarantee I think Bernie
would have been would have had an easier
time beating him but I don't I don't
know that Biden is is necessarily gonna
be beat by Trop
Thank You Rob guy from Kings Highway
love seeing one of your new videos pop
up my feet at work that's just a thought
have a good you have a good night too
eager vision hey Bo I tuned him for for
a different perspective as a
conservative I was wondering why you
called Trump supporters cultists Trump
supporters yeah I called them koltes I
don't think that all Republicans are
Trump supporters though at this point in
his administration if you're still
supporting him I have to feel either you
have fallen for a cult-like phenomenon
or you're just simply not paying
attention to what's happening nothing
he's done has matched up to the ideas of
why people said they voted for him
unless the reason people voted for him
was honestly you know destroy the
economy to own the libs ruin our foreign
policy to own the libs or whatever you
know if it really was just for snowflake
tears fine he's doing a great job but if
the idea was to actually reassert that
American dominance of the 1950s that
make America great again thing
he's been another failure so I don't
understand how he can still enjoy
support BTU King I send your videos to
all my friends love it thank you
I like to morph into videos on more I'll
do more on community Arturo
Congrats on the channel growth always
recommending from for the different
perspective thank you yeah
it has been it's been a fun ride so far
I'll be honest hardstyle America is
great okay are beaten I'm capitalist and
catch some flack for it
the system is garbage I just think it's
as capitalist as socialist not at all
can't corruption cronyism consumerism
fall without capitalist and socialist
uniting this is a niche okay I want you
to Google something called mutualism I
can't get into it right now that would
be like five hour video but if I'm
understanding your question that's
probably what you are see Joey J hoping
for DNC to act with honor and open
politicians to act with honor yeah I
mean that's I mean it's idealistic know
that I would use the term night it's
idealistic I'm a capitalist but I still
like Bernie su v/o which British party
would you support should my
understanding of the British parties is
limited that's why I tend to follow
other people and look at their their
takes on things as far as internal
domestic affairs and on the clue I have
no idea what's going on in Britain my
you know I've had takes of people like
wow that's amazing for an American yeah
it's all foreign policy related to a
very specific niche that I happen to be
really well-informed on the domestic
situation in the UK is not something I'm
up on so I don't know that I would be
able to say I support part on see thank
you if Biden loses how do you think the
DNC would act it depends on what happens
in the House and Senate at the same time
I would not mind to be honest I would
not mind seeing seeing a democratic
controlled House and Senate and Trump
get reelected just for my own personal
morbid you I think he'd have a field day
trying to do anything it'd be great
getting a peached every other week
move your mic closer please
which is for Bernie for warmongers DNC
will lose their minds if Biden lose
probably probably they a lot like the
Bernie supporters who fill certain
demographics Oh Bernie their vote
I think the DNC at this point feels like
the American people owe them their vote
and it's not true it never will be lips
had better doubt to work here
phears
people use medicare-for-all to abuse
transfer option I think that anything
that happens will have a private
component and when you're talking about
something like that I have a feeling
that there will be doctors that are
willing to operate outside of that
system to provide safeguards I'm not
sure that Thank You Cody Christophersen
thanks thanks for hanging in there with
me if Biden wins we all lose in the end
yeah I don't know about that do you
think Putin's moved to change Russia's
Constitution will influence Trump I
think he'd like to but as much as Trump
does not have the support that he thinks
he does he has support in in a very
limited area I do not believe that he
has the support to enact any kind of
constitutional changes especially of
that nature I think I think he'd see
outright revolt
Thank You Joseph dent can you imagine
Trump starting to campaign thoughts on
Trump meeting Modi that yeah we
everybody I think I think I mean Trump
likes crowds what a better place to get
him like I mean that it was just so
emperor with no clothes thing I've been
watching your videos so much that tired
of your voice
jadynn Trent thank you any must read
book you can recommend for understanding
political machines learning more of a
history of the left throughout history
then if you're it's hard to get people a
starting point because it's one of those
things that you've got to hit for it to
resonate you have to hit the right point
at the right time looking to look into
those people that are contemporary you
know a lot of people like to recommend
the old bearded guys I don't just
because of the language I think that if
you're trying to get into it
start with contemporary and move
backwards see who influenced them but
let's start with today chops kiddie Zen
people like that I sit down read society
of the spectacle by guy debord
they go Thank You Jeremy comfort I'm on
the spectrum love your content thank you
can you explain how I think a stateless
society could avoid sleeping slipping
into anarcho-capitalism I'll do the
video on that I will do a video on that
we can't win
okay there's a whole bunch of people
recommending a book listen liberal I
despise jobs hehe he's an old fool Thank
You pints of Guinness
what if Trump loses and refuses the
peaceful transition of power there are
there are safeguards for that there
there are plans for that in the
eventualities that happening that
they've been part of our continuity of
government plans for decades that that's
probably not going to be something that
happens again in order to successfully
get around those plans he would need a
lot more support from people that do not
support him at all anymore mainly a lot
of the the brass and it just doesn't
have that support see Sid was here
things improve if we did away with the
twelfth amendment and followed the
original rules of the Constitution
that's okay I'll end up doing a video on
that too I need to take some notes here
you do as I shared our mats
okay let's say I'm an indigenous person
and I'd like to know your outlook on
David native R&T of our lands I believe
that you know honor the treaties type of
thing my my take on on that is that
indigenous lands that are set aside
today and that have been set aside I
view them as I think they should be
viewed as as sovereign nations and not
in the sense of a sovereign nation that
can be overruled at every turn I I
believe they should be seen as actual
sovereign nations
thoughts on life-saving victims client
crime laws such as the need to wear
seatbelts that citizens can't own
nuclear weapons I when it comes to
seatbelts and those types of things I
find it hard to see them as anything
more than revenue generation for the
state I understand that yes these are
things people should do but to make it a
crime
I don't and now as far as owning will
nuclear weapons I had to get back to you
on that one left is tech support thank
you I got everyone in my family and
extended family to go vote today by
bribing them with a day of laser tag 23
votes for Bernie in Tennessee
now so while I'm doing this if you are
not following on Twitter or Instagram we
are
booking guests for interviews so if you
have anybody don't forget to suggest
them in comment sections or somewhere
that I'll end up seeing them in a
Chelsea BJ thank you if Biden wins by
one percent well forty five claim it was
rigged
I think he'll claim it was rigged no
matter what conversations from the
French what are your thoughts on the
Israeli election so III would like to
see someone other than Netanyahu III
think that the Israeli government needs
a very big shake-up like like most
governments obviously as far as the the
the a legate the corruption and the
indictments and the giant up and down
that's been going on over there
again that's one that I'm watching with
more like the way people read TMZ it's
entertaining to me because I'm not
directly impacted by it and I don't see
a significant change coming in Israeli
policy based on the election so I'm not
saying it doesn't matter again it's one
of those things from what I focus on the
foreign policy aspects aren't going to
change much and then the domestic stuff
I don't know enough about to have a
heart opinion
is the system broken yeah well no I mean
it's not broken this is a this is how it
was designed to work but does it need to
be fixed probably yeah that would be
nice let's see Santa raise forty-five
million last month by an 18 million
other wife and kid were eight fantastic
always
anna la how does Biden get the southern
black why talk to southern black
Americans I don't know I'm not sure
let's see
Isaiah Salas be frank with me Bo abolish
ATF and if a the NFA I I can in an in my
world we would not have an NFA for those
National Firearms Act it's it is a
keystone of federal firearms legislation
but it was the start of when it started
to be addressed incorrectly you know
this is where a lot of the weird rules
come from so I would like to see I would
mind seeing that gun now as far as the
ATF is an agency I would have liked to
have seen them replaced and to get rid
of the institutional memory of that
agency they're there they have a long
and sordid history of doing some less
than ethical and less than legal things
however I can understand Amy to regulate
alcohol and tobacco if you're talking
about for safety sake and and that is
what a lot of it does but a lot of it is
also just tax revenue Thank You Jayden
Trent really easy question for you here
how would you saw yeah when I saw the
israeli/palestinian a six million state
solution that's
I feel that that will probably be one of
the ongoing conflicts for a very very
long time I think that by the time that
is solved it will solve the wars all on
its own there are a lot of people very
vested in keeping that conflict moving
and it's because of the propaganda
involved because of a lot of us
interference because of things that
happened during war - because there's so
much at play there that somebody trying
to force any form of peace plan
they're probably always gonna fail
that's one that I think is going to have
to really be about limiting the
propaganda or limiting the aggression
and allowing those that are actually in
contact with each other to work it out
now the odds of that ever happening in
this world that we have are pretty slim
to none that would be like as far as far
as what I've done in the past and stuff
like that that would be one thing I
would not want to be asked I would not
want to be involved in that process
because I don't know that there is a win
there I think you're just gonna try to
stop as much loss as you can let's see
Thank You Sherri diamante the MIT
you
really hope that this doesn't come down
to Biden versus Trump I think that's
pretty much where we're at see Isaac MC
Bernie loss plus the high camel's back
broke our society is very resilient we
often see like a progress the
progression to major shifts in hindsight
and we try to atribute them to one thing
or a combination of things when in most
times it's a march towards it we're
definitely on that March
I don't know I don't know we're gonna
have to see how it plays out
let's see see 19 can this make a
universal healthcare reality let's like
a car I actually do think that it may
help III think that there is a
misconception from a lot of people who
have health care and who have always had
health care that the number of people
who are not insured they do not have
health care they do not have adequate
health care I think that those who have
health care greatly underestimate the
number of people who don't have it and I
think once people begin to realize the
numbers of those who can't get a vaccine
I think it might help reshape the debate
again it'll be out of the wrong reasons
it won't be to help me to really help
people it'll be about self-preservation
but it is what it is are you still
involved with greed media so no not
really
in fact that is in the process of being
completely transferred in fact it may
already be owned by the editor the
current editor so now but I I'll
probably always support them and try to
help them out as much as I can but given
the whole aspect of that outlet being
you know a women's outlet you know I
probably don't have wouldn't have much
to do with it even when I was affiliated
with it it was more here's my practical
suggestion and then leave the room and
not get involved you know the whole idea
was to be empowering and I think we
succeeded in that and so now we're we're
we're backing away from it
see Bryan chores I'm getting a few
friends posting memes about peachy
it happens all the time she's one that
uh you know people just don't like has
she done something that you haven't
heard about maybe but is it worthy of
impeachment probably not she is a
favorite punching bag of the right
there's probably some new scandal that's
not really a scandal that came out of
the far far far right that the rest of
us haven't heard about and in a couple
of days we'll find out that there's some
bogus claim about her I'm not aware of
anything new but we'll just see
boys do you think Abidin in what ways do
you think a Biden presidency will affect
firearm regulation and policies
I think Biden will be less less for gun
control than Trump is despite what he
has said like the whole shot gun thing
and all that stuff I I think the
Democrats know that that's a losing
issue for them
that that is that's something that will
drive a lot of people away so I think
that's gonna be one that's gonna be
mostly talk I don't I don't see that
Laura Phelps I'm just flagging for the
chat that ap called California for
Bernie the margin has become has to be
significant if they're calling this
early so how long until we hear briefs I
guarantee it's those articles are
already being written to be released
over the next week so answer
buttercrunch please let's I don't see
the co here we go I think y'all are just
trying to get me to say that word do you
think a transitory state pre a stateless
society isn't necessary and if so what
form would it take I think we're gonna
now I think that all states are
transitory to it I think that if we
follow human evolution that is where
we'll go
I think when you when you're talking
about the march towards statelessness I
don't
I don't think that anybody's plans are
gonna come to fruition I think it's
going to be a March it's going to be in
a very slow unintentional thing people
don't even realize it until one day it's
gone speed kill 92 Thank You Bodie you
think Bloomberg will drop out I'm not
sure because he there's a part of me
that thinks that he is going to stay in
just so he can constantly attack Trump
and be kind of a lightning rod I can see
it it's a sound strategy whether or not
they're gonna do it I don't know if
Biden wins the DNC Trump will be
president four more years
Daniel Whitaker thank you well the
Democrats ever find their one true
Scotsman why do they keep looking for
him/her and will Bernie supporters ever
see that it he isn't to him do I ever
think the Democratic Party is going to
find their platform and stick to it well
because you have two things that are
contradictory within the Democratic
Party you have the actual progressives
that their platform will always be
changing because they're always there
they're progressing there they're moving
forward as new information comes up they
embrace it and they move in that manner
so their platform will always change and
then you have the establishment types
who are really more worried about
feathering their own nest those two
things are always going to be in
contradiction to each other they're
always going to be fighting so I don't
know that the Democrats will ever have
that wonderful
platform that everybody's gonna be able
to unite behind I just want to read that
one out loud the Democratic Party is
trashed her will be an AOC type that's
like I said as far as the new the new
crop I think she's the one to watch you
guys will always be losing and being a
sore loser about it I have to say that I
really did want to thank all of those
top fans out there who comment
constantly to say nothing it's fantastic
let's see it's fun to have an NBC nice
okay vote blue if like you live in a
continue to stay but if your state's
pretty solid blue you don't have to
necessarily
just time oh hi how do you keep hope
have to after the
the idea that I hope is something that
you should actually struggle to key
that's I think that's where people get
it wrong don't fight to keep it go ahead
and lose it once you'll never lose it
again the idea of hope is that things
will get better I think one of the
problems is that people quantify that
you know there's a whole bunch of people
who are very upset that Bernie you know
may not get the nomination because they
have that hope qualified they have it
quantified as something tangible at the
end of the day that that's a it's a
short-term goal if you want to never
lose hope
get a big dream it's something that you
can always continually work towards
something that you know isn't attainable
but it's worth fighting for
and you'll never lose it
we see the answer to stand-alones
question
trying to find it what do you think of
Chris Matthews retiring
I doubt Thank You Sally McLaughlin Pesce
boomer who loves
let's see how do we get non-political
types and politics
it'll happen on its album people tend to
care about the pebble in their shoe and
as government gets larger and larger
there's gonna be a lot more pebbles and
shoes and people are gonna care more so
I like the stock market expanding and
contracting how do you feel about Chris
Hedges I read him tonight was an
establishment hoax
are you at all worried about Bernie
Sanders deciding not to vote if he
doesn't get Bernie Sanders Bernie
supporters deciding not to vote if he
doesn't get the nomination I'm not
worried about it
it's possibility there's gonna be some
that the dumped it that is the
democratic system in action you have the
you know people say you have to vote
well you have to make a choice and not
voting is one of them you know there are
a lot of people who can do that on moral
grounds I will not choose the lesser of
two evils that is something that
definitely comes from a position of
privilege there are a lot of people who
look at it from the harm-reduction
standpoint and literally anybody at this
point is going to be less harm than
Trump I don't worry about it I don't
let's see Michael Shepperd thank you who
do you think would be better at uniting
the country Biden or Sanders and why I
don't know that either of them would be
incredibly uniting figures I don't know
you know it's one of those things that
people are pushing for right now we need
national unity I don't think we do I
think we need we need a conversation and
it has sides and those people are not
going to agree and we have to hash it
out and until we do you know there are a
lot of people that hold political
opinions that I don't want unity with I
don't want to be seen as something that
somebody has anything to do with you
know I don't want unity with the people
chanting build the wall and we've come
to a point where the kind of the
national conversation has reached a lot
of those lines in the sand that people
aren't willing to cross so they have to
be decided are we going to be the land
of the free and the home of the brave
and we're going to try to fulfill the
promise and the propaganda that we've
held for years and we're going to try to
be that mythical nation or are we going
to turn into another low-rent
authoritarian regime I don't want unity
with with people who wanted
authoritarian machine
see and I feel about the governor
afforded handling I doubt it's typical
Florida we we're we are what we are I
hope this is a very unique state we will
wait until the absolute last minute to
do anything and that just is kind of
reflected in in every agency but I will
say now that the ball is rolling I have
a feeling that given Florida's habit of
getting a handle on these things quickly
I think we'll have a better response
than the federal government that's for
sure I have more faith than the local
authorities than I do the feds see
Nathan Roberts thank you do you think
Sanders campaign strategy regarding
Latino voters will have any lasting
effect on the party elections generally
going forward I don't know I don't know
that it's going to be that's gonna be
that big of a deal long term because I
think these strategies coming from the
other side of the aisle are going to
cement Latino support for the Democratic
Party more than anything that the
Democrats thank you Seeley Booth someone
explain to me why Obama hasn't endorsed
by Dena that speaks volumes you can read
a lot into that I don't know we got to
remember that Obama is one of the
shrewdest politicians we've seen in the
US in a very long time
I have a feeling Obama will endorse
whoever gets the nomination whether or
not he endorses them personally or not I
think he will vote blue no matter
is he really that shrewd oh yeah there
is no doubt about it
this Rex got everything away
any good books foraging homesteading
books I always make the same
recommendation the US Army Survival
Guide it's $10 at any surplus shop out
there it's going to have the base of
everything that you need and if you
master the skills in it you will be able
to expand on them and apply it to to
other stuff
this bow have any pets oh yeah my house
is a zoo
I have almost as many pets as I have
kids actually looking to see if there
was a dog in the room or anything but
there's not do you really think that we
will come apart after Trump lost now
somebody's only seen Baroness that is my
German Shepherd I also have a husky
named destro there's a cat that lives
here that doesn't have a name hangs out
I don't I don't know it's outside and
then a few other animals that live
around
Obama does not support Bernie maybe not
but I think that if Bernie he got the
nomination Obama would would endorse him
will Trump go to prison after he leaves
office I do
there are certainly a number of things
that appear to be federal crimes now
whether or not a prosecutor is actually
going to push that we don't know so you
think a trump loss will accelerate or
delay I think that if he loses I think
he'll step down I don't think it's gonna
be that big of a deal
to be honest I really don't toss born
true or false Liz Warren took PAC money
and screwed over Bernie in the
progressive movement now I don't know I
don't have any evidence to suggest that
but I think that the answer to that
question will reveal itself in time with
depending on how bot treats her came a
bonnet boa if the Democratic Party
splinters after this election is there
any hope for something similar in the
Republican Party oh yeah I definitely
think there is III think the Republican
Party is eating itself right now but
we'll we'll have to see see random
question should we do away with Rachel
Market on the census and change to
ethnic and region identifier I never put
any thought into that at all I don't
know I'm gonna have to think about it
there are I don't know because a big
part of it like one of these is is is a
fact your your area of origin is a fact
your racial identity and in at times can
be a little more subjective
and those numbers do help with various
programs III don't know
I've had to think about that let's see
if a miracle happens and Trump loses in
2020 how do you think his base is going
to respond
uh I don't we there's a very loud
minority of people on the Internet and
they're all talking crazy but everybody
talks crazy on the internet that's a
very common thing in in right-wing
circles to go straight to to jump
straight to up it's time for civil war
over everything I don't know that that
that's that's really a reality I don't
know how many people are going to get up
over that Mike Lewis thank you
you
are you on Twitch yet it's I'm still
trying to get the podcast and this and
everything under control but thanks to
the people on patreon Kerry is now like
onboard full-time and that's that's why
the podcast has been going up more
regularly that's why you're seeing a
little bit of higher production quality
and some of the stuff as it progresses
it should get twitches something that's
on the agenda will will we'll see how it
goes
can we test be a Bynes a test
do all of you actually think socialism
is a good thing
I think the chat should answer that
question
i bill she gave me to Gracia give the
cat a name I think my wife has a name
for the cat and it's like some like
ridiculously common name like fluffy or
cuddles or you know mr. whiskers I don't
know but I just I don't really talk to
it much he just like I didn't even know
we had a cat until he was one of the
what are you doing
he looked at me like what are you doing
yeah I'm gonna say that's a pretty
resounding yes as far as you know
whether people in here are supportive of
socialism
you
not see again what do you think of
Elizabeth Warren staying and even though
she has no path and yes socialism is
good for the country I'm not sure what
to think of it yet to be honest I really
I want to see how the Biden campaign and
the Democratic establishment treats her
from this point forward
yeah I'm trying I'm trying to get rid of
some of the people that are spamming
please tell me destro is from GI Joe
yeah yeah destro and Baroness that's
that's do I think Trump is the
Antichrist no I've always believed that
you know the Antichrist would be
competent if he done a video on trolls
and that personality type
what's your real opinion I'll vote blue
no matter who I've done a video on it I
am NOT a supporter of that idea think
you vote for policies not people who are
not parties if the person that the
Democrats are running does not fit your
policies and what you believe you do not
owe them your vote if people actually
did that we never would have had Trump
very very few people actually support
Trump's policies those that he's
actually been coherent enough to explain
okay so there you go
punks I go for it let's see never never
never
blue no matter who
see
color booth it's very very fast now and
I'm looking for this slowdown option
that y'all told me exist I still don't I
can't find it I think are messing with
me to be honest okay so the question
that I have at this point is you know
and in the lead-up to this it was very
clear that in the comments Bernie was
the favored candidate at least of those
who comment on the videos I want to know
what you guys are gonna do I'm very
curious I really am
let's see tell me what you think about
Fox News that's not news it's an
entertainment channel for people that
want to be angry all day trump policy
101 great beautiful yeah it's still not
going Mike Lewis thank you screw over
Sanders to say goodbye to the House
Senate and down ballot races
well played the encinia power is far
more valuable than democracy itself
that's kind of what I thought people
were gonna think about this see Bernie's
my pick
for Joe rather than not vote Bernie or
bust
you
sanity or extinction what do you think
about teaching children about fallacies
there are cognitive biases basic
seduction reasoning research skills I
think it's incredibly important down
videos on all of that except deductive
reasoning which is something I probably
do now I definitely think that that's in
many ways the this learning how to think
is a whole lot more important than
learning what to think and I think that
should be the focus of Education I think
you should be focused more on teaching
children and handing them the skill set
to look into things for themselves and
providing the encouragement to do that
and the spark to do that too why I spent
two weeks working the lyrics - we didn't
start the fire into every video because
I think that the teachers were there
they're right I think they're doing
something really important pushing that
idea in providing a spark rather than an
assignment is is a good idea and I think
that's where we really need a head
so somebody's just put in a Biden 3:46
versus Bernie 2:35
teachers should show your handcuffed
video oh the one where I should be glad
to get out of handcuffs yeah I don't
know that may not be a skill set for
maybe in high school
is Bernie out of the race
Bernie could still win I don't know
we're gonna have to look and see how it
really shakes out tomorrow and there's
there are a lot of there's still a lot
of variables to play but it is not
looking good
objectivity is key I hope you all have
guns
socialism is easy to vote in but you
will soon realize it will take gun just
to get rid of it all of you at some
point will be looking for a gun if
Bernie gets Bernie's not a socialist
I'm gonna have to say that a whole lot
is a social democrat he is not a
socialist more importantly socialism is
based on Marxism Marx was a guy who
actually openly said that literally
every working class person needed a
rifle hanging about their door you or
your your propaganda is bad you should
feel bad
are we really gonna call him creepy
Uncle Joe is that is that gonna be where
we go with this this gonna be stuck
there I mean it's not like it's untrue
but I'm just just saying
Sanders had barely left yes
Sanders yeah and bernie is not against
gun I I honestly haven't even looked at
his gun policy got no idea what it is
let's see he's handy Uncle Joe yeah okay
creepy sleepy oh yeah well if he does
get elected it's gonna be a fun four
years see that coming now I want a your
propaganda is bad you should feel bad
shirt we'll see what we can do
thank you for your calming presence is
this me excited
both Fifth Column during the debate who
do you think will forget the other's
name first that we should totally do
like odds on that
that's what I mean I really am looking
forward to the debates it's gonna be
great
either way I think we're in for a fun
four years I don't think I'm gonna run
out of content anytime soon so that's
exciting
I sit down mark says take your guns and
give you better ones
I know a lot of a que owners that would
agree
yeah I do want to warn everybody of
something you know now that we have a
slight slowdown here first I've said
this entire time you know I'm not
actually a Democrat I have these these
are my beliefs and so on and so forth so
just please understand that whoever is
elected if they are a Democrat I will be
holding them to the same standards I
will Trump to somebody earlier asked
about you know is there any of my
beliefs that I think might alienate
people that might be at because I think
there are a lot of people who are very
supportive of the Democratic Party and
might be willing to overlook some
behavior from them that I will probably
continue criticizing they're sort of my
garage
you
see both parties are corrupt I won't buy
a gun but I'll stock up on liquor that's
that's see there's two ways that can be
taken
are you buying rags as well that's the
question earlier you mentioned
left-leaning gun advocacy groups could
you elaborate gun owner would left views
oh wow
the okay so because I always forget them
let's start with them the socialist
Rifle Association that's the thing it's
a pretty big thing then you've got the
John Brown Gun Club
you've got redneck revolt there are a
lot of left-leaning gun groups this idea
that the left doesn't own guns is in the
United States it's just not true
there are a lot of liberals that don't
know God's but the left is is very
pro-gun there's that saying you know if
you go far enough left to get your gun
back there are there are tons and in
fact I want to get somebody from the
socialist Rifle Association on the
podcast to interview just to to
demonstrate it let's see somebody just
asked a question I don't use the a word
on this channel
you mentioned in your video on parenting
that you made scale models can you give
me some advice on brush painting with 8
tiny little brush it's really been awful
what are you painting
what's the replacement word for the a
word stateless is what I tend to use
see how do you get training for a gun
club like the socialist Rifle
Association a lot of gun training is in
re-type people the SRA actually does
training on their up I'm not a member
I've never even when I owned guns I was
never a member of any gun right group
because yeah I had my own views on that
the but the SRA does training right now
all of those groups do training you
don't have to go through the NRA and to
be honest the NRA is not really that
great at training I know and a lot of
those organizations the left-leaning
once they're decentralized I know the
one nearest to me the training is
provided by Forex Forex green berets
that's that's who does their training
you're not gonna get better than that
like you're talking about a special
operations group whose entire job is
training people I mean that's that's
that's as good as you're gonna get see
why don't you guys anymore uh I had some
real PTSD issues at one time and had
some anger issues and then I ran into a
situation where let's just say it's it's
best if I don't Michael Wade has some
advice that I'm not gonna read but it's
there thank you though
gee Wolf three three three Super Tuesday
is this is the sign is this a sign the
electorate does not understand American
politics and we're a decade away from
any real people or understanding no I
don't think that's what it is I think
there are a lot of people who are not
who are already past the point of
participating in electoral politics
which means the upheaval may come sooner
than later but we don't know yet we'll
head
Hannibal face be a nice now these these
are all seventh group guys former
seventh group guys
please do another episode of sarcasm uh
we're working on it
Biden 395 Sanders 310 look at that
that gaps closing
you
I'm so defeated don't be defeated no no
reason for that
why are you using a hyper X headset so
when he asked me this the other day uh
there's a lot of ambient noise so I
asked my son who's a gamer what what
setup I needed and this is when he
recommended I get so that that's how I
wound up with it
you
Adrian benningfield thank you how many
of the Biden voters do you think were
sent by trunk oh I don't know that
that's a I don't know that that's that's
something that really occurred in any
mass numbers you know there's there's a
lot of talk about that type of stuff but
there's never really any heavy evidence
that it occurs in in big numbers so I
don't know ever played any tabletop RPG
games probably not the kind you're
thinking of but yeah I've played I
played with sand tables before
would you ever stream yourself gaming on
Twitch or something like that I gained I
don't I think it was a closeted gamer
triangle I do it no I'm really not I I
like to read Dead Redemption that was
the last game that I play you know it
was one of those my son was like you
have to get this like this you I have to
show my driver's license to buy this
let's see and I played it with him for a
little bit
asking about videogames because your
politics suck nice nice
sure high score and for tonight I have
never played for tonight how do you
think warrants further left supporters
will fill if she endorses by I have no
idea probably how a lot of Bernie
supporters felt when he endorsed Clinton
don't play for tonight probably the only
way to alien Tim Garcia if you were to
convert our society to a more non-state
platform where which you started at the
bottom yeah all of the stuff I advocate
about community networking and doing all
of that stuff that's where it leads
that's that's why I advocated so much
Adrienne Bening Phil are you okay with
me spreading your channel on other
channels like the on terms yes
absolutely
thoughts on Thomas Paine and Thomas
Paine is somebody that I recommend
everybody read Henry Thoreau it's worth
reading
I think pains more important read the
civil disobedience that is advocated is
important I think today though I think
we're getting to the point now where it
would be better for if you're
recommending this for younger people to
recommend them read the Martin Luther
King stuff that they don't get taught in
school
because it creates a it gives them that
feeling that they're learning a secret
and it makes it more interesting to see
12333 I think Bloomberg is proof that
money and politics is the ultimate evil
what do you say I mean yeah money and
politics is bad it is what it is and you
know people who have issues with calling
him an oligarch I mean that's what he is
I mean it is what it is I'm not a fan of
Bloomberg in any way by its gonna get
the nomination I don't know yet I don't
know just familiar
what are we raising money for I got here
late I'm not sure Brigid moon thank you
for being it thank you
we don't have a specific thing that we
need but it is about time to check in on
shelter house and see if they need a
thing and then there's also a project
coming up in a nearby community that's a
low-income area that looks like they may
be getting permission to put a food
forest on a on a golf course that the
city wound up buying for whatever reason
because that was a high priority and see
what about Obama telling Budaj edge to
back Biden and possibly calling others
to do the night I don't know I don't
know I didn't I obviously didn't know
that happened I don't know I mean I do
not know
April shadows why nationalists have
firearms she should too we protect us
socialist Rifle Association much love to
bow
any tips on funding low level organizing
mutual aid that works that that'll be a
video okay everyone interested should
join the Occupy Milwaukee group on
facebook follow us on Twitter
we need to show up at the convention on
mass that is from the cynic report thank
you
jason zucker thank you what's the best
thing to do for democracy this year
think think for yourself anti la oh yeah
I forgot you take donations for things
like that yeah
Knox 404 I'm looking into starting my
own co-op do you have any books or
people I should look into what I would
do is find one local to you one near you
to kind of model yourself after and get
some more experience especially because
there's a lot of legal stuff that goes
along with that depending on what type
of co-op you're talking about and you
met you may need some advice
raising funds for Beau's beard
conditioner see if I had any maintenance
wouldn't have a beard that's the whole
reason I don't whole reason I have a
beard is cuz I'm too lazy to shave
conversation from the friends do you
have a third party peel box to send a
care package to I am actually gonna get
one I'm gonna get a peel box and put it
out there there that was I was actually
on my list to do stuff to do this week
and it did not get done
would you debate I've seen a couple
questions like that about different
people I'm not much into debate I'll
discuss whatever with anybody I don't
like the debate format especially on the
internet because basically it boils down
to a lot of sloganeering it's good for
each person who's involved it's good to
motivate their base but I don't really
see anybody's opinion being changed in
those things but I I'll discuss just
about anything with anybody
that's four or four I want to start the
first video game development co-op
remove the crunch from the industry but
legal is a big issue yeah you're
definitely gonna need a you need some
advice I don't know enough about that I
can't handle my own copyright stuff but
my answer to that has been to not like
you are the more radical version of tray
crowd okay alright so I'm gonna pull
back up the stance here is see how the
primaries gone we hadn't had an update
in a minute mmm
California Bernie in the lead like
pretty substantially nothing else is
really changing here Texas Sanders is in
the lead but not by much so we've still
got a little bit of so I have some
surprises left
would you debate the wu-tang clan sure
that at least would certainly be
entertaining
I'm sure let's see have you always held
the political ideology political views
the if not what changed your mind
I I don't know like I was always very
anti-authoritarian I think that they may
have evolved they progressed I learned
more I think at heart they were pretty
much the same but the more you learned
that the more they are they become more
nuanced I don't think there was there
was never a moment where I went from you
know a card-carrying Republican to just
you know what I am today it was a slow
march
take it you don't like internet you need
to sell t-shirts I do I do
through teespring find the link and
there's a store it's like teespring
slash store / bo the fifth column
something like that I'm not sure but if
you were to google teespring bo the
fifth column I'm certain it would come
up I left
thank you
how did you decide on your tagline just
a thought it's very catchy and elegant
and its simplicity
like everything else on this channel it
was pretty much an accident I don't
really remember the first time I used it
but once I did I started using it and it
just stuck it's funny because this was
not a there was so little planning that
went into this it was it started as kind
of a joke and progressed into something
that I'm actually incredibly proud of
it's it's a unique experience I guess
maybe now but that only comes from
making a lot of mistakes along the way
can a short person be president I think
so
I think that we've evolved enough as a
nation to allow that if Biden wins
please don't sit out the elections in
November by doing so you harm disabled
people and those already in harm's way I
get that he's awful but any one's better
than Trump thank you James Lee Lulu hey
Bo when do you plan on starting your
neighborhood organizing project this
summer this summer that that's still in
the works how can I use my couch are you
a government plants by AI BOTS or
anything along those lines no no
although I did I have to admit I did
actually watch that oh I have to that
may have actually been the most
complimentary thing I've ever seen about
me I for those who don't know this
person on YouTube put out this thing
that assumed that I was
literally like not a real person
something created like a digital image
and that there was a team of writers
behind them behind me and I was just
like man that's that's it was really
high praise I mean if not for the whole
you know weird aspect of it but yes I am
real there are events like videos of me
in public at places so there's there's
always that can you address your I don't
have any felonies for human trafficking
that's that's not a thing I got a couple
for smuggling there's a huge difference
between the two yeah I understand that
about the blog in fact I have talked
about this in other videos that blogs
out there fact check the blog before you
believe it 95% of what's in there is not
false or is it's completely false if
even just down to oh well the claim that
these houses were taken by the feds and
then returned to me and all that stuff
property records Republic check it I
never owned either of those houses
before or after like it's literally
entirely made up they took one little
snippet I got busted for smuggling and
turned it into this giant elaborate
conspiracy where can I get that morale
patch i purged redheaded t-shirts is
where I think I got it
are you the leader of the Illuminati yes
see due to the water board
well bow is a character Justin let's see
even that's not entirely accurate Beau's
a nickname
you know I'll run through that real
quick just for those who don't know
journalists if you sound like an extra
from deliverance you're not typically
taken seriously so for years I talked
like this and I didn't let my accent out
very much because it doesn't help
and then the videos started coming when
some of my colleagues well we were
drinking and the accent came out and
they were like you've got to let people
know that you're a redneck and I did as
a joke and used the nickname bow which
is an actual nickname so is Mick if
you've seen me use that and that's
that's how the channel started it the
first video it's on Facebook I'm in
overalls on a tractor with dip in my
mouth playing it up like this huge
amount that's why if you go to some of
the earlier videos from a year or two
ago whatever the accent is really really
heavy because I was still playing it up
and it was a big joke but it didn't take
long to realize that the social
commentary he was more effective coming
from me like this than it ever was when
I was hiding my accent and that's why in
the video about starting a YouTube
channel just like be be you because
viewers can't see it
that's a gulag in his basement
see would I interview noam chomsky
absolutely
had they Heather Rosie
Heather Rose is our flyer for your
shelter if you ever visit so Norville
asks come for a ride in my kit
thank you very much Legion fur do you
think we should be giving so much
attention to Federal Elections I feel
like it on some level it just distracts
us from improving our communities drills
change I think it might be important to
do both I think it might be important to
do both I'm a strong advocate of people
needing to act a little bit more locally
but I don't think it's a good idea to
completely ignore what happens on the
federal level
G wolf 3 3 3 thank you Andrew Whitlock
have have conversations with people with
radically different views presumably
discussing in good faith slowly and the
number one thing I could do is establish
definitions earlier that's my number one
advice when you're having conversations
with people from different political
persuasions actually sent out the
definitions and make sure that you're
talking about the same things because
I've seen a lot of people argue and the
entire conversation break down when
they're really arguing to different
things but they're using the same word
that that is when you're talking about
people from different ideological
perspectives that's probably the single
most important thing to do
Abraham B you mentioned a case in a
video where citizens built a highway
bypassing the government how these
incidents have the how these instances
generally pan out here in India that
sort of thing usually gets shut down by
the government when it happened at the
time our federal government was
incredibly weak and the state government
really wanted the road built we have a
lot of times you can defeat government
interference by ignoring it that depends
on the type of government you have
though
like fo conservative leaning libertarian
I don't agree with you on much but you
are definitely true to yourself and how
others fill
people like you are what this country
needs
decent without hate thank you
like a bow a garden gnome by day
internet sensation by night just
changing caps he got busted since [ __ ]
because he was using his garden don't
think I'm gonna start a blog like you do
you think anyone would listen to an old
polish guy with cancer probably I mean
that's certainly not a niche I've seen
field C Taliban Peace Talks comment that
was a surrender and luckily it looks
like it's already failed like it looks
like it's already failed we'll see the
the terms that were set out in that
original deal were horrible they were
they were just really really bad they
would have led to a lot of bloodshed for
the Afghan people
I'm really glad it fell apart I'm really
glad it fell apart I definitely think
that we we need to get out but a cut and
run strategy without helping the
national government kind of to defeat
and continue the fight against the
Taliban or at least keep them in check
is just asking for horrible horrible
days
video was the first time I saw you get
kind of mad what video is that - oh the
one talking about the towel yeah it's
pretty upsetting
it is pretty upsetting what state are
you from the South that moved around a
lot a whole lot so I grew up mostly on
the Tennessee Kentucky line though see
Texas oh look I see yeah if I was a
woman in Afghanistan right now I would
be terrified I would the national
government does not have the strength to
stand on its own if we cut and run the
Taliban will take back over that country
it's an almost certainty and loose
around or what's buckling politically I
literally a CIA plant that's cool
how with you in the Afghan Wars use an
accelerated program with the Green
Berets have them go over train train
train train train constantly a much
larger detachment than we have there now
we can pull normal conventional troops
out once this you know after the first
generation of that and then send over
the 160th soar to train the pilots they
need the mobility the Afghan National
forces need mobility in the mountains so
we give them helicopters and we send
over the 160th to train them and then we
give them our old surveillance drones
that whole process would take probably
two years and during that time there's
not going to be much u.s. involvement in
combat you can have a carrier group
offshore to provide any air support
that's needed if there is a major
offensive launched by the Taliban this
number one it reduces our footprint so
from day one when we're starting to do
this it appears as though the afghan
national government is standing on its
own but longer it appears to be standing
on its own the easier it is for them to
do so if we don't do something like that
we're going to cause a lot of bloodshed
Legion for any advice for someone trying
to find ways but can't get out of the
house due to medical reasons there is a
lot of stuff that happens online you
have to find your way into those those
circles but there's always research that
can be done there's social media
marketing that can be done there's tons
of stuff that different groups in your
area meet and it depends on whether or
not you the skillsets to do that
I could have swore I just saw a question
about a place near Tampa now I can't
find it but I know a lot of people in
Tampa in that area you stride with 162 I
was in the hundred first yeah for those
that don't know the 160s or that Special
Operations Aviation Regiment they are
you know the joke is there they're a
taxi the reality is these guys can put
helicopters down in alleyways with six
inches on each side of the rotors and
that's the type of precision that the
Afghan national government is going to
need in some of those situations and
they don't have it we have a unit that
is incredibly capable and we just you
know transition them into into doing
some training Oh easy way to do this the
160th Blackhawk down that's the unit the
pilots in that unit see Jerry bearer why
do people become conservative thank you
by the way um you know I like to say
that most times it's about fear it's
about fear of change literally the idea
of conservatism is to keep everything
the same or to even go backward it's a
fear of progress in many cases they're
the people that want to stop time and
it's not something that can really be
done
that's why conservative if you look
historically speaking don't go by
political parties just go by whether it
was the conservative view or the liberal
view the Conservatives are almost
exclusively
civilly on the wrong side of history
because as history progressives things
that seemed radical become common sense
people who romanticize the good old days
yeah
why didn't bush or Obama do that in
Afghanistan right that's a really good
question now in all fairness I don't
know that in out now by the end of
issues second term yeah it could have
been done in the beginning that that's
not it wasn't really feasible but by the
end of Bush's second term that could
have been done why it wasn't I'm not
really sure it's not like it wasn't
advocated for by a lot of people I think
a lot of the concern was the idea of
training in Afghanistan because that
didn't work out well for us last time
that's kind of you know the last time we
trained a bunch of people in Afghanistan
it did not go well for us it blew up in
our face so I think there's some
reluctance to do that
but it's honestly the only it's the only
real option that I see on the table that
avoids
a just amazingly unnecessary amount of
bloodshed
quite so yeah it's almost like that's
their purpose yeah I mean that's why we
yeah anyway I feel yeah
okay any connection to anonymous like
the the leaker or the group you know
that's a good quiet do we need to train
the people who defeated the Russians
okay so what we have to do they defeated
the Russians using an insurgency we have
to train them in counter insurgency and
counterinsurgency is a thousand times
harder than Meghan it's urgent
the insurgent gets to hit miss that they
get to if things aren't right they just
call it a day and try again tomorrow
because their job is to provoke the the
counter insurgent the government forces
into overreacting when they overreact
the local populace gets mad at the
government for overreacting and that
pulls more people into the insurgency
that's how they're successful beating an
insurgency is incredibly difficult it's
not something it's a very different
skill set you have to be very precise
and you can't make a lot of mistakes
that the role of the insurgent the way
they beat the Russians the way the
Taliban put us on the ropes it's a very
different set of skills
see Casey Hooker thank you thank you a
watch what do you see as the role of the
church whatever the members of that
church decide that's I I don't get into
people's religious business that's that
just seems like a bad idea I think on a
long enough time line a lot of that will
fade on its own a lot of it will become
more spiritual and less dogmatic but I
could be wrong about that
thoughts on big corporations a botch you
know at some point I'm gonna have to go
through and organize all the videos by
topic
because I use such weird titles I never
even know to tell people to look for
anymore
please organize the videos by topics I
will get on that alright guys I've been
doing this for Oh almost three hours now
is that right and we still don't have a
final decision on California huh
no yeah there's they're calling it for
Bernie Sanders alright okay
so pain is a professional expression in
the military okay so over there whatever
it does not matter
back here it matters you know there's
that saying no inspection ready unit is
ever survived combat if it's good for
morale over there I don't care about
nose art stupid stuff written on helmets
where our patches any of that okay but
anyway so that's pretty much the end of
what we're gonna do tonight because I'm
tired and it's 11:40 I've still got to
record a video for you guys tomorrow
record it tonight for y'all to watch
tomorrow so I will talk to you later
yes it's just a thought you all have a
good night
you